annot: select some healthy mussels
ACTID: 0
PRED: select
[DOBJ, food] some healthy mussels (-1)
annot: chopped onions with a little oil in a pot
ACTID: 1
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] onions (-1)
[PP, food, with] a little oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: cook some chopped garlic
ACTID: 2
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some chopped garlic (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add lemon juice, white wine to the pot
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] lemon juice (-1), white wine (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (2)
annot: then add the selected mussels
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the selected mussels (0)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Cover the lid
ACTID: 5
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the lid (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Cook until all mussels are open
ACTID: 6
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (5)
[PP, other, until] all mussels are open (-1)
annot: Take the mussels out
ACTID: 7
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the mussels (6)
annot: pour some cream to the pot
ACTID: 8
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some cream (-1)
[PP, location, to] the pot (-1)
annot: heat the cream mixture in the pot
ACTID: 9
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the cream mixture (8)
annot: chop some fresh parsley
ACTID: 10
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some fresh parsley (-1)
annot: Pour the cooked milk mixture and the parsley on top of the mussels
ACTID: 11
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the cooked milk mixture (9), the parsley (10)
[PP, food, on] top of the mussels (7)